---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fptcloud_image Data Source - terraform-provider-fptcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves information about the image that fpt cloud supports, with the ability to filter the results.
---

# fptcloud_image (Data Source)

Retrieves information about the image that fpt cloud supports, with the ability to filter the results.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fptcloud_image" "example" {
  vpc_id = "your_vpc_id"
  filter {
    key = "name"
    values = ["debian-10"]
  }
}

data "fptcloud_image" "example_filter" {
  vpc_id = "your_vpc_id"
  filter {
    key = "catalog"
    values = ["Debian"]
  }
  filter {
    key = "is_gpu"
    values = [false]
  }
}

output "show_value" {
  value = element(data.fptcloud_image.example.images, 0)
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `vpc_id` (String) The vpc id of the image

### Optional

- `filter` (Block Set) One or more key/value pairs on which to filter results (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- `sort` (Block List) One or more key/direction pairs on which to sort results (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sort))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `images` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--images))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `key` (String) Filter images by this key. This may be one of `catalog`, `id`, `is_gpu`, `name`.
- `values` (List of String) Only retrieves `images` which keys has value that matches one of the values provided here

Optional:

- `all` (Boolean) Set to `true` to require that a field match all of the `values` instead of just one or more of them. This is useful when matching against multi-valued fields such as lists or sets where you want to ensure that all of the `values` are present in the list or set.
- `match_by` (String) One of `exact` (default), `re`, or `substring`. For string-typed fields, specify `re` to match by using the `values` as regular expressions, or specify `substring` to match by treating the `values` as substrings to find within the string field.


<a id="nestedblock--sort"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sort`

Required:

- `key` (String) Sort images by this key. This may be one of `catalog`, `id`, `is_gpu`, `name`.

Optional:

- `direction` (String) The sort direction. This may be either `asc` or `desc`.


<a id="nestedatt--images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `images`

Read-Only:

- `catalog` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `is_gpu` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
