---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fptcloud_mfke_storage_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-fptcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves information about the MFKE storage policies that fpt cloud supports, with the ability to filter the results.
---

# fptcloud_mfke_storage_policy (Data Source)

Retrieves information about the MFKE storage policies that fpt cloud supports, with the ability to filter the results.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fptcloud_mfke_storage_policy" "example" {
    vpc_id = "your_vpc_id"
    filter {
          key = "name"
          values = ["Premium-SSD"]
     }
}

output "show_value" {
  value = element(data.fptcloud_mfke_storage_policy.example.storage_policies, 0)
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `vpc_id` (String) The vpc id of the MFKE storage policy

### Optional

- `filter` (Block Set) One or more key/value pairs on which to filter results (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- `sort` (Block List) One or more key/direction pairs on which to sort results (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sort))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `storage_policies` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage_policies))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `key` (String) Filter storage_policies by this key. This may be one of `id`, `name`, `is_default`, `id_db`, `zone`.
- `values` (List of String) Only retrieves `storage_policies` which keys has value that matches one of the values provided here

Optional:

- `all` (Boolean) Set to `true` to require that a field match all of the `values` instead of just one or more of them. This is useful when matching against multi-valued fields such as lists or sets where you want to ensure that all of the `values` are present in the list or set.
- `match_by` (String) One of `exact` (default), `re`, or `substring`. For string-typed fields, specify `re` to match by using the `values` as regular expressions, or specify `substring` to match by treating the `values` as substrings to find within the string field.


<a id="nestedblock--sort"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sort`

Required:

- `key` (String) Sort storage_policies by this key. This may be one of `id`, `name`, `is_default`, `id_db`, `zone`.

Optional:

- `direction` (String) The sort direction. This may be either `asc` or `desc`.


<a id="nestedatt--storage_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_policies`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The id of the storage policy
- `id_db` (String) The database id of the storage policy
- `is_default` (Boolean) Whether this is the default storage policy
- `name` (String) The name of the storage policy
- `zone` (String) The zone of the storage policy

