---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fptcloud_subnet Data Source - terraform-provider-fptcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Get information on a subnet for use in other resources. This data source provides all of the subnet properties as configured on your account.
  An error will be raised if the provided subnet name does not exist in your account.
---

# fptcloud_subnet (Data Source)

Get information on a subnet for use in other resources. This data source provides all of the subnet properties as configured on your account.

An error will be raised if the provided subnet name does not exist in your account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fptcloud_subnet" "example" {
  vpc_id = "your_vpc_id"
  filter {
    key = "name"
    values = ["your_subnet_name"]
  }
}

output "show_value" {
  value = element(data.fptcloud_subnet.example.subnets,0)
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `vpc_id` (String) The vpc id of the subnet

### Optional

- `filter` (Block Set) One or more key/value pairs on which to filter results (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- `sort` (Block List) One or more key/direction pairs on which to sort results (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sort))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `subnets` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subnets))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `key` (String) Filter subnets by this key. This may be one of `created_at`, `gateway`, `id`, `name`, `network_name`.
- `values` (List of String) Only retrieves `subnets` which keys has value that matches one of the values provided here

Optional:

- `all` (Boolean) Set to `true` to require that a field match all of the `values` instead of just one or more of them. This is useful when matching against multi-valued fields such as lists or sets where you want to ensure that all of the `values` are present in the list or set.
- `match_by` (String) One of `exact` (default), `re`, or `substring`. For string-typed fields, specify `re` to match by using the `values` as regular expressions, or specify `substring` to match by treating the `values` as substrings to find within the string field.


<a id="nestedblock--sort"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sort`

Required:

- `key` (String) Sort subnets by this key. This may be one of `created_at`, `gateway`, `id`, `name`, `network_name`.

Optional:

- `direction` (String) The sort direction. This may be either `asc` or `desc`.


<a id="nestedatt--subnets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subnets`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) The CIDR block of the subnet (e.g. gateway/prefix_length such as 172.28.22.1/24).
- `created_at` (String) Creation timestamp of the subnet.
- `edge_gateway` (Map of String) Edge gateway associated with the subnet.
- `gateway` (String) Gateway IP of the subnet.
- `gateway_ip` (String) Gateway IP of the subnet (same as gateway).
- `id` (String) The ID of the subnet.
- `name` (String) The name of the subnet.
- `network_id` (String) The network ID of the subnet.
- `network_name` (String) The network name of the subnet.
- `prefix_length` (Number) The CIDR prefix length (e.g. 24 for /24).
- `primary_dns_ip` (String) The primary DNS server IP address used by the subnet (e.g. 8.8.8.8).
- `secondary_dns_ip` (String) The secondary DNS server IP address used by the subnet (e.g. 8.8.4.4).
- `tag_ids` (List of String) List of tag IDs associated with the subnet.
- `type` (String) The type of the subnet: `ISOLATED` (no Internet) or `NAT_ROUTED` (Internet via NAT gateway).
