---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fptcloud_database Resource - terraform-provider-fptcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Fpt database cluster which can be used to store data.
---

# fptcloud_database (Resource)

Provides a Fpt database cluster which can be used to store data.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fptcloud_database" "example" {
  vpc_id = "your-vpc-id"
  network_id = "your-network-id"
  vm_network = "chinhnt-demo-iq938dud"
  type_config = "short-config"
  type_db = "your-database-type"
  version = "your-database-version"
  vdc_name = "your-vdc-name"
  is_cluster = "yes"
  master_count = 1
  worker_count = 2
  node_cpu = 2
  node_core = 0
  node_ram = 4
  data_disk_size = 10
  cluster_name = "your-cluster-name"
  database_name = "your-database-name"
  admin_password = "your-admin-password"
  storage_profile = "the-storage-profile-for-your-database"
  edge_id = "your-edge-id"
  edition = "the-edition-of-database"
  is_ops = "no | yes" # is your vpc openstack infrastucture or not
  flavor = "the-database-flavor-name"
  flavor_id = "the-database-flavor-id"
  number_of_node = 0
  number_of_shard = 2
  domain_name = ""
  is_public = "no | yes" # is your database public or not
  vhost_name = "VHostDefault"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `admin_password` (String) The admin password of the database cluster.
- `cluster_name` (String) The name of the database cluster.
- `data_disk_size` (Number) The size of the data disk in each node of the database cluster.
- `database_name` (String) The name of the database in the database cluster.
- `domain_name` (String) The domain name of the database cluster.
- `edge_id` (String) The edge Id of the database cluster.
- `edition` (String) The edition of the database cluster.
- `flavor` (String) The flavor of the database cluster.
- `flavor_id` (String) The flavor_id of the database cluster.
- `is_cluster` (String) The cluster status of the database cluster.
- `is_ops` (String) Whether the database is OpenStack or VMware
- `is_public` (String) Whether the database is public or not.
- `master_count` (Number) The number of master nodes in the database cluster.
- `network_id` (String) The network Id of the database cluster.
- `node_core` (Number) The number of cores in each node of the database cluster.
- `node_cpu` (Number) The number of CPUs in each node of the database cluster.
- `node_ram` (Number) The amount of RAM in each node of the database cluster.
- `number_of_node` (Number) The number of nodes in the database cluster.
- `number_of_shard` (Number) The number of shards in the database cluster.
- `storage_profile` (String) The storage profile of the database cluster.
- `type_config` (String) The type of configuration of the database cluster (short-config or custom-config).
- `type_db` (String) The type of database of the database cluster
- `vdc_name` (String) The VDC name of the database cluster.
- `version` (String) The version of the database cluster.
- `vhost_name` (String) The name of the RabbitMQ database.
- `vm_network` (String) The VM network of the database cluster.
- `vpc_id` (String) The VPC Id of the database cluster.
- `worker_count` (Number) The number of worker nodes in the database cluster.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The Id of the database cluster.
